ghost-case-study.md (#102)
NoroffFEU/development-platforms: ghost-case-study.md

---
title: Ghost Case Study
author: Ole-Aleksander Brænna <oBraenna91>
tags: ghost, case study, blogging, CMS
---
  
# Ghost
  
  
## Introduction:
Ghost CMS is a popular content management system specifically designed for bloggers.

> It's an open-source CMS, and in this study-case, I'll explore the history, main features and how to get started with Ghost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's an open-source CMS, and in this case study, we'll explore its history, main features and how to get started with Ghost.
```

Technical writing avoids "I" and "my"

- Ghost supports custom themes, which allow you to change the look and feel of your site.

- Ghost uses dynamic routing which allows you to create custom URLs for your content and optimize your site for search engines.

- Ghost supports multiple users and roles, making it easy to collaborate with others and manage permissions.

- Ghost has built-in SEO features, including meta descriptions, tags, and optimized URLs, which can help your content rank higher in search engines.

- Ghost allows you to schedule posts to be published at a future date and time.

- Ghost integrates with popular analytics services, such as Google Analytics, so you can track and analyze your site's traffic.

- Ghost has a powerful API and webhook system, which allows you to integrate with other services and automate workflows.

## Market comparison:
When compared to other popular CMS platforms like WordPress, Drupal, and Joomla, Ghost stands out for its simplicity, speed, and focus on blogging.
While it may not have as many features or ability to be as customizable as some of the other CMS platforms, it's a great choice for bloggers and content creators

> who want to focus on creating content without getting bogged down in technical details.

Reviewer: A direct comparison with wordpress would be helpful here

>   ### Main advantages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Main advantages
```

Please remove the indentation from this and the list below

  - Open source
  - User friendly interface
  - It´s designed to be "light and fast", quick loading times
  - Optimized for blogging
  - Has a broad selection of themes and integration with other services.
  
  ### Main disadvantages
  - Limited functionality: it is designed to be easy and quick which means that some advance features is not available
  - If you want some of the more advanced features you have to pay
  - Not a lot of plugins you can install
  

## How to get started:
Below is a general guide to installing Ghost:

### Check the system requirements 

>   Ghost requires a modern version of Node.js and a few other dependencies to run. Make sure your server meets the system requirements before proceeding.

Reviewer: Indentation
